it's 9-10 a.m. july eleventh day after
all that feels like the same day for me
because I'm I'm still up by ma I'm
cleaning up you see I still have to put
these guys away this is where I've been
working now known or very few people saw
where I was working on everything here
this is my this was my war room and
while I'm tearing it apart now I've been
just kind of playing this it's a it's
pretty cool you know to go onto ESPN
3.com and click on the drop-down menu
and see juggling listed as a sport and
I'm very happy that we were able to do
that that small little change for the
world that once again injected juggling
into sports network validating it as a
sport for all of us that can pee and I
think these shows really demonstrate
everything that I set out to demonstrate
by showing the short programs with
freestyle competition looks are the
freestyle battle and majorly combat of
course that was it's hard to say you
know which one was the highlight for me
but major league combat was really
exciting and it is kind of rewarding
that's the most recent thing that I've
been working on and it's kind of
rewarding to have been working on
something new for a year year and a half
and see people participating in it and
just accelerating the sport just by
playing it by creating their own
strategies and showing me what I
couldn't think of I created the rules
sure but then I see this strategy being
implemented and I want to thank all the
numbers of k8 we did three entirely
different shows back to back we did
short programs freestyle and major
combat and drew you know I had to
wrangle everybody in and Morgan was
essentially or maybe that conventions
over we stayed a couple extra days very
much oh there's hello alright and we're
finally leaving there's this restaurant
that apparently everybody was going to
call Charlie Parker's so it was that I
saw in Casey's vlog and I didn't have a
chance to actually leave try that on
i-55 business loop great now they know
where we are okay so we got these two
heart infarctions right here the
breakfast horseshoe with Pam over there
and sausage over here and it's a big
spare tire hot sauce huh all right well
we're going to clog our arteries and
we'll be back on the road my heart rate
has slowed down I think I'm going to die
my pulse is unable to continue because
my veins are clogged and eventually
blood will stop flowing if I survive
this the exercise blitz starts tomorrow
okay this is day two of our trip across
the country kind of but we started New
York
in springfield illinois for about 10
days and now we're moving on to Seattle
we drove a little bit yesterday
encountered free some thunderstorms
three thunderstorms and I had to move a
tree out of the road everyone just
stopped and I guess they were waiting
for someone to move the tree so I guess
that was me and so I got out and then
people just won't let me in I moved the
tree and then they wouldn't even let me
move on i mean i didn't just move it for
me I knew that I'd be helping everybody
else but come on on the guy who made it
possible for us to drive through a not
scratch of our cars or end up in the
ditch so that's the reward you get so
i've determined that my name if i were a
superhero i would be better men i
started with bitter man by the Bitterman
super super bitumen like that because i
help people put that I'm bitter when
they don't let me benefit a little bit
from the help that I provided for all of
us I'm like a mutually beneficial
superhero we wanted to take this
opportunity we're going to periodically
talk about the people that helped make
wjf have in it right now we wanted to
talk about Casey and Morgan who were
essential in pulling off the show's
wrangling all the competitors and the
performers and making sure that
everybody was ready to go Casey for
getting all the shows everyone in line
in terms of the show border
doing all the music getting people's
music when we didn't have music for them
and so we both thank him for playing
such an important role they kicked ass
Morgan was great in terms of just having
all the information with her whenever I
needed it so both of you guys I hope
you'll come next year do the exact same
thing and also Casey's blogs were really
entertaining I'm glad that he did that
and that was fun to see his perspective
because I didn't get out at all it was
fun every night I got to see what people
were doing because I was pretty much
locked up all day so it's nice to
experience the convention through those
videos like most of you watching got to
experience the convention who couldn't
be there thank you very much ac and
Morgan beach or helping out as you did
you